Suggestions after review (#33)
EMnify/Documentation: README.adoc

=== Order a free evaluation SIM package

> You can order your free Evaluation SIM package on the EMnify Portal with which you can test all EMnify services. The 3 physical SIM cards can be delivered already at no charge to many destinations, for some we have to charge a small shipment fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can order your free Evaluation SIM package on the EMnify Portal with which you can test all EMnify services. Currently, the 3 physical SIM cards can be delivered to many destinations at no charge. For other destinations,  we do charge a small shipping fee. 
```

Once you get your EMnify SIMs, you need to register them before you can start using them. 

> . If you ordered the 3 orange evaluation SIM cards, you will register them one by one. Scan the QR code printed on the SIM card with your QR code scanner app and follow the link to associate the SIM with your account. The link includes the *BIC* (Batch Identification Code) of the card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you have ordered the 3 orange evaluation SIM cards, you will have to register them one by one. Scan the QR code printed on the SIM card with your QR code scanner app and follow the link to associate the SIM with your account. The link includes the *BIC* (Batch Identification Code) of the card.
```

<<APN, APN>>: `em` (or alternatively use `emnify`)

Further, some Android / iOS-based devices and cellular modules also need to be configured to allow for roaming.

> Select below your device type and model to see how to configure the APN.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your device type and model below, to see how to configure the APN.  
```

===== Reachfar GPS APN configuration

Configuring the APN for Reachfar GPS trackers can be done

> . Via the SMS console through the EMnify Portal (most simple)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Via the SMS console through the EMnify Portal (simplest way)
```

Configuring the APN for Queclink GPS trackers can be done 

. Via the SMS console through the EMnify Portal (most simple) 
. Via the EMnify SMS API or Zapier Integration (when automating the configuration)

When the GPS tracker is turned on for the first time after the SIM is installed, it shows the status `Attached` in the EMnify Portal. At this point the device can receive SMS but not establish a data session unless the APN is set up.

The SMS command to set the APN for Queclink GPS trackers is:

----
AT+GTBSI=[password],em,,,,,,,0002$
----

> The password default is device model, e.g., `gl200`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default password is the device model, e.g., `gl200`
```

EMnify offers pre-punched SIM cards in different combinations  2-in-1 (1FF and 2FF), 3-in-1 (1FF,2FF,3FF) and 4-in-1 (1FF,2FF,3FF,4FF). Especially in use cases where the devices are moving it is advisable to use a SIM which exactly fits the device and does not have another smaller form factor punched out. The SIMs are then more durable and the contact to the device is more firmly.  

> Another form factor is MFF2 also called embedded SIM with the dimension 6 x 5 x 0.75-0.82mm. The embedded SIMs are soldered onto a device and not removable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another form factor is MFF2 also called embedded SIM with the dimension 6 x 5 x 0.75-0.82mm. The embedded SIMs are soldered onto a device and are not removable.
```

=== Data Streamer
Before each device can send data to an application, it needs to communicate with the mobile network to ensure that the data is allowed to be sent over the network. This communication happens through signaling events which are usually hidden from the application. 

> With the EMnify Data Streamer this connectivity metadata is made available to your cloud platform or self-developed software stacks in near real-time. Using one of the many integrations provides you with complete network transparency, not only to triage and resolve issues quickly, but also to build your own application or business logic based on provided information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the EMnify Data Streamer, this connectivity metadata is made available to your cloud platform or self-developed software stacks in near real-time. Using one of the many integrations provides you with complete network transparency, not only to triage and resolve issues quickly, but also to build your own application or business logic based on provided information.
```

Multiple independent data streams can be created using any connection type and all of them will operate in parallel. Each data stream can be configured to push data to a separate platform for consumption and processing. 

For example, one stream may be connected to a network monitoring system, another can connect to a data analytics platform, and another can be synced with Amazon S3 for archiving, all at the same time.

The integration guides for the Data Streamer can be found <<Integration Guides, here>>.

==== Management Interfaces 
Data Streams can be managed by using the link:https://portal.emnify.com[EMnify Portal] or by using the link:https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/swagger.html[EMnify API].

.Manage Integrations through the EMnify Portal

> image:integration.png[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::integration.png[align="center"]
```

==== IMEI Lock
For device manufacturers, SIM card theft is an issue because pluggable SIM cards can be removed from a device and then used to gain free internet access. The IMEI lock feature prevents the use of SIM card in any other device by bounding the SIM to an IMEI. The <<imei,IMEI>> is a unique device identifier. When the automatic IMEI lock is configured, the EMnify platform will bind the SIM cards to the first device that establishes a data connection. All future device connections will only be allowed from this device.

=== Cloud Connect

The data traffic of regular SIM cards is secured within the mobile network – but traverses the public internet between the mobile network and the application, which makes the device and application susceptible to attacks and prohibits to easily establish a remote device session.

> With EMnify Cloud Connect your devices and application servers can communicates through a secure private network – with a secure tunnel being established between the EMnify platform and your cloud or on-premises application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With EMnify Cloud Connect your devices and application servers can communicate through a secure private network – with a secure tunnel being established between the EMnify platform and your cloud or on-premises application.
```

. link:https://support.emnify.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001724434-OpenVPN-Integration-Guide-for-Linux[OpenVPN Integration Linux]

=== SMS
Short Message Services (SMS) were one of the first cellular services made available after voice. SMS is still very relevant for IoT use cases – as SMS provides a simple, inexpensive way to configure the device remotely without the need for a data connection. A typical use case is the configuration of the APN setting via SMS.

The EMnify platform supports: 
* Mobile originated (MO) SMS – SMS sent from the device with the EMnify SIM 
* Mobile terminated (MT) SMS – SMS that are destined for a device with the EMnify SIM 
* Peer-to-Peer (P2P) SMS – SMS sent from a device with any SIM to a device with the EMnify SIM 
* Application- to-peer (A2P) SMS – The SMS is sent and received on an application

The above scenarios can be activated and deactivated in the device policies to prevent misuse (e.g. P2P SMS).

You can send and receive SMSs of your devices through 3 different interfaces Portal, SMS APIs and Zapier.

.SMS interfaces
image::sms_options.png[align="center"]

==== EMnify Portal  

> In the Portal -> Connected Devices you can select access the SMS console and directly send SMS to the devices. The sender can be configured as well as the console will show if the SMS is delivered or not. You will see all SMSs that the device receives sends out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Portal -> Connected Devices you can access the SMS console and directly send SMS to the devices. The sender can be configured as well as the console will show if the SMS is delivered or not. You will see all SMSs that the device receives sends out.
```

. List sent and received SMS `GET /api/v1/endpoint/{endpoint_id}/sms`
. Send SMS to and endpoint `POST /api/v1/endpoint/{endpoint_id}/sms`

> . Get details about an endpoitn SMS `GET /api/v1/endpoint/{endpoint_id}/sms/{sms_id}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Get details about an endpoint SMS `GET /api/v1/endpoint/{endpoint_id}/sms/{sms_id}`
```

[[active-sim]]Active SIM :: When a SIM is in the active state, the charges for the SIM are applied. The device can send and receive data and SMS. 

[[APN]]APN - Access point name ::  A gateway between a GSM, GPRS, 3G or 4G mobile network and another computer network, usually the Public Internet. The APN needs to be configured on the device. For EMnify it is `em` or `emnify`.

> [[app-token]]Application Token :: A unique identification key used to authenticate towards EMnify's APIs. Also used when authenticating towards the OpenVPN servce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[app-token]]Application Token :: A unique identification key used to authenticate EMnify's APIs. Also used when authenticating the OpenVPN service.
```

//  B

[[BIC]]BIC - Batch Identification Code :: a unique code for ordered SIM cards, used to register the SIM cards on the Portal.

[[BTS]]BTS - Base Transceiver Station :: 
// C

> [[callback-url]]Callback URL :: URL that will be called by a service to and receive data related to an event that caused this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[callback-url]]Callback URL :: URL that will be called by a service to send and receive data related to an event that caused this action.
```
